docs: promote the tbp.teleop repo (#1060)
thousandbrainsproject/tbp.monty: docs/how-to-use-monty/logging-and-analysis.md

# Analysis

## Live Visualization with `tbp.teleop`

<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center">
      <img src="../figures/teleop.gif" width="100%">
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

For controlling the Monty agent while stepping through the experiment in real-time, we provide a separate companion repository called **`tbp.teleop`**.

[`tbp.teleop`](https://github.com/thousandbrainsproject/tbp.teleop) hooks into a running Monty experiment via the existing `StepHook` interface and visualizes the simulator, Monty's graphs and hypotheses, and per-channel details live as the experiment runs. This is the `monitor` mode.

> `tbp.teleop` also offers an `interacitve` mode that lets you override the agent's action at every step. This is similar to controlling an agent in a video game, and is a useful way to understand how Monty's representations change as a function of a particular policy.

Reviewer: `interacitve` I believe should be `interactive`?

You can find the [tutorials](https://github.com/thousandbrainsproject/tbp.plot/blob/main/README.md#tutorials) and [gallery](https://github.com/thousandbrainsproject/tbp.plot/blob/main/README.md#gallery) of available tools in the `tbp.plot` repository.

> ## Live Visualization with `tbp.teleop`

Reviewer 2: I think this will be a great tool for someone first coming across Monty - it will quickly make it intuitive what Monty does, what it sees, etc. As such, I would suggest we actually put this at the top of the logging-and-analysis file.

Author: I moved it to the beginning of the "Analysis" section on the page. Or did you actually want it to come before the logging section too?

<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center">
      <img src="../figures/teleop.gif" width="100%">
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

For controlling the Monty agent while stepping through the experiment in real-time, we provide a separate companion repository called **`tbp.teleop`**.

> [`tbp.teleop`](https://github.com/thousandbrainsproject/tbp.teleop) hooks into a running Monty experiment via the existing `StepHook` interface and visualizes the simulator, Monty's graphs and hypotheses, and per-channel details live as the experiment runs. It also offers an optional interactive (teleoperation) mode that lets you override the agent's action at every step.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[`tbp.teleop`](https://github.com/thousandbrainsproject/tbp.teleop) hooks into a running Monty experiment via the existing `StepHook` interface and visualizes the simulator, Monty's graphs and hypotheses, and per-channel details live as the experiment runs. This is the `monitor` mode.

`tbp.teleop` also offers an `interacitve` mode that lets you override the agent's action at every step. This is similar to controlling an agent in a video game, and is a useful way to understand how Monty's representations change as a function of a particular policy.
```
